README.md, before:

<h2 align="center">Instructions for installing a Tampermonkey userscript from a URL</h2>




<h3>Step 1: Install Tampermonkey</h3>

<strong>Tampermonkey</strong> is a browser extension that lets you run userscripts, which are small programs that can customize websites by adding features or modifying existing ones.<br><br>

<div align="center">
<strong><a href="https://www.tampermonkey.net/" title="https://www.tampermonkey.net/">https://www.tampermonkey.net/</a></strong><br><br>
select the tab for your browser follow the provided instructions<br><br>
<a href="https://www.tampermonkey.net/index.php?browser=chrome" title="Tampermonkey for Chrome"><img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/2e3f7e69c71a2ed5e59f92435720f0b8c810af35/09_Tampermonkey_compatible_browser_Chrome_2024-04-05_202829.png" alt="Tampermonkey for Chrome"></a>⠀<a href="https://www.tampermonkey.net/index.php?browser=firefox" title="Tampermonkey for Firefox"><img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/2e3f7e69c71a2ed5e59f92435720f0b8c810af35/10_Tampermonkey_compatible_browser_Firefox_2024-04-05_203350.png" alt="Tampermonkey for Firefox"></a>⠀<a href="https://www.tampermonkey.net/index.php?browser=opera" title="Tampermonkey for Opera Next"><img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/2e3f7e69c71a2ed5e59f92435720f0b8c810af35/11_Tampermonkey_compatible_browser_Opera_Next_2024-04-05_203134.png" alt="Tampermonkey for Opera Next"></a>⠀<a href="https://www.tampermonkey.net/index.php?browser=edge" title="Tampermonkey for Microsoft Edge"><img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/2e3f7e69c71a2ed5e59f92435720f0b8c810af35/12_Tampermonkey_compatible_browser_Microsoft_Edge_2024-04-05_202956.png" alt="Tampermonkey for Microsoft Edge"></a>⠀<a href="https://www.tampermonkey.net/index.php?browser=safari" title="Tampermonkey for Safari"><img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/2e3f7e69c71a2ed5e59f92435720f0b8c810af35/13_Tampermonkey_compatible_browser_Safari_2024-04-05_203201.png" alt="Tampermonkey for Safari"></a><br><br>
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/28b8f487e286c8933ac36ea02652c61a5a29d871/01_tampermonkey_logos.png"><br>
</div>




<sub><sub><sub><sub><hr></sub></sub></sub></sub>




<h3>Step 2: Find The Tampermonkey Logo On Your Browser Extension Bar</h3>

On the extensions bar of your browser, be sure that the Tampermonkey logo
is pinned there, this will allow you to see when Tampermonkey has matched
a site to modify by showing a red square with a number in it for each
script active on the site.

<div align="center">
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/8b0dfd90b9e784efc774b2d94911ceed57e0901a/02_Chrome_extension_bar_2024-04-05_182303.png">
<br>
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/8b0dfd90b9e784efc774b2d94911ceed57e0901a/03_Firefox_extension_bar_2024-04-05_180350.png">
</div>




<sub><sub><sub><sub><hr></sub></sub></sub></sub>




<h3>Step 3: Open Dashboard</h3>

Click the Tampermonkey logo and choose "Dashboard".

<div align="center">
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/13221d49a0d379bdc356f1857cd43ab2b01f3905/04_Tampermonkey_context_menu_2024-04-05_182740.png">
</div>




<sub><sub><sub><sub><hr></sub></sub></sub></sub>




<h3>Step 4: Open Utilities</h3>

Find the tabs to the right inside the Dashboard, click the tab labeled "Utilities".

<div align="center">
<a href="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/4058dce72a470bd661b512d0ce04de9a51fec0bd/07_Tampermonkey_tab_bar_utilities_selected_2024-04-05_185245.png" title="07_Tampermonkey_tab_bar_utilities_selected_2024-04-05_185245.png">
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/4058dce72a470bd661b512d0ce04de9a51fec0bd/07_Tampermonkey_tab_bar_utilities_selected_2024-04-05_185245_640x70.png" alt="07_Tampermonkey_tab_bar_utilities_selected_2024-04-05_185245_640x70.png">
</a><br>
click this image for larger image<br><br>
</div>




<sub><sub><sub><sub><hr></sub></sub></sub></sub>




<h3>Step 5: Add Script URL</h3>

At the bottom of Utilities find "Import from URL" and Copy / Paste the following URL exactly as it is written below.

<strong><code>https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sacrosanctic/monkeyscripts/main/monkeyscript.js</code></strong>

After adding the URL, click the <strong>[Install]</strong> button

<div align="center">
<a href="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/152f5c8ad8a691c327fd2bedd7830ad02a2ca440/05_Tampermonkey_utilities_2024-04-06_055643.png" title="05_Tampermonkey_utilities_2024-04-06_055643.png">
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/152f5c8ad8a691c327fd2bedd7830ad02a2ca440/05_Tampermonkey_utilities_2024-04-06_055643_640x539.png" alt="05_Tampermonkey_utilities_2024-04-06_055643_640x539.png">
</a><br>
click this image for larger image<br><br><br>
</div>

On the page that it switched to it will have another <strong>[Install]</strong> button, click it to finalize the install of the script.<br>

<div align="center">
<a href="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/e577a7de8d42b8c1e7df037ff2ae57f0cafa6e31/06_Tampermonkey_install_userscript_confirmation_2024-04-05_184504.png" title="06_Tampermonkey_install_userscript_confirmation_2024-04-05_184504.png">
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/e577a7de8d42b8c1e7df037ff2ae57f0cafa6e31/06_Tampermonkey_install_userscript_confirmation_2024-04-05_184504_640x529.png" alt="06_Tampermonkey_install_userscript_confirmation_2024-04-05_184504_640x529.png">
</a><br>
click this image for larger image<br><br>
</div>




<sub><sub><sub><sub><hr></sub></sub></sub></sub>




<h3>Step 6: Confirm Installation</h3>

Find and click the Installed Userscripts tab at the top of Tampermonkey

You should see "Monkey Script for Payment" in the list and the toggle under the Enabled column should be Green if it is enabled.

<div align="center">
<a href="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/f6c9e3cd56d66d89fc6d2c6c9f59f6a8242d101b/08_Tampermonkey_installed_userscripts_2024-04-05_200123.png" title="08_Tampermonkey_installed_userscripts_2024-04-05_200123.png">
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/f6c9e3cd56d66d89fc6d2c6c9f59f6a8242d101b/08_Tampermonkey_installed_userscripts_2024-04-05_200123_640x154.png" alt="08_Tampermonkey_installed_userscripts_2024-04-05_200123_640x154.png">
</a><br>
click this image for larger image<br><br>
</div>

Now go to https://payment.xinchuan.tw/request-payment/ or http://localhost:5173 for testing.<br><br>


Congrats! You now have now installed a Tampermonkey script.<br><br>

Enjoy :)<br><br><br>



Remember To Breathe,<br>
sacrosanctic




<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

Commit message:

Add troubleshooting section for auto-updates

README.md, after:

<h2 align="center">Instructions for installing a Tampermonkey userscript from a URL</h2>




<h3>Step 1: Install Tampermonkey</h3>

<strong>Tampermonkey</strong> is a browser extension that lets you run userscripts, which are small programs that can customize websites by adding features or modifying existing ones.<br><br>

<div align="center">
<strong><a href="https://www.tampermonkey.net/" title="https://www.tampermonkey.net/">https://www.tampermonkey.net/</a></strong><br><br>
select the tab for your browser follow the provided instructions<br><br>
<a href="https://www.tampermonkey.net/index.php?browser=chrome" title="Tampermonkey for Chrome"><img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/2e3f7e69c71a2ed5e59f92435720f0b8c810af35/09_Tampermonkey_compatible_browser_Chrome_2024-04-05_202829.png" alt="Tampermonkey for Chrome"></a>⠀<a href="https://www.tampermonkey.net/index.php?browser=firefox" title="Tampermonkey for Firefox"><img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/2e3f7e69c71a2ed5e59f92435720f0b8c810af35/10_Tampermonkey_compatible_browser_Firefox_2024-04-05_203350.png" alt="Tampermonkey for Firefox"></a>⠀<a href="https://www.tampermonkey.net/index.php?browser=opera" title="Tampermonkey for Opera Next"><img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/2e3f7e69c71a2ed5e59f92435720f0b8c810af35/11_Tampermonkey_compatible_browser_Opera_Next_2024-04-05_203134.png" alt="Tampermonkey for Opera Next"></a>⠀<a href="https://www.tampermonkey.net/index.php?browser=edge" title="Tampermonkey for Microsoft Edge"><img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/2e3f7e69c71a2ed5e59f92435720f0b8c810af35/12_Tampermonkey_compatible_browser_Microsoft_Edge_2024-04-05_202956.png" alt="Tampermonkey for Microsoft Edge"></a>⠀<a href="https://www.tampermonkey.net/index.php?browser=safari" title="Tampermonkey for Safari"><img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/2e3f7e69c71a2ed5e59f92435720f0b8c810af35/13_Tampermonkey_compatible_browser_Safari_2024-04-05_203201.png" alt="Tampermonkey for Safari"></a><br><br>
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/28b8f487e286c8933ac36ea02652c61a5a29d871/01_tampermonkey_logos.png"><br>
</div>




<sub><sub><sub><sub><hr></sub></sub></sub></sub>




<h3>Step 2: Find The Tampermonkey Logo On Your Browser Extension Bar</h3>

On the extensions bar of your browser, be sure that the Tampermonkey logo
is pinned there, this will allow you to see when Tampermonkey has matched
a site to modify by showing a red square with a number in it for each
script active on the site.

<div align="center">
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/8b0dfd90b9e784efc774b2d94911ceed57e0901a/02_Chrome_extension_bar_2024-04-05_182303.png">
<br>
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/8b0dfd90b9e784efc774b2d94911ceed57e0901a/03_Firefox_extension_bar_2024-04-05_180350.png">
</div>




<sub><sub><sub><sub><hr></sub></sub></sub></sub>




<h3>Step 3: Open Dashboard</h3>

Click the Tampermonkey logo and choose "Dashboard".

<div align="center">
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/13221d49a0d379bdc356f1857cd43ab2b01f3905/04_Tampermonkey_context_menu_2024-04-05_182740.png">
</div>




<sub><sub><sub><sub><hr></sub></sub></sub></sub>




<h3>Step 4: Open Utilities</h3>

Find the tabs to the right inside the Dashboard, click the tab labeled "Utilities".

<div align="center">
<a href="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/4058dce72a470bd661b512d0ce04de9a51fec0bd/07_Tampermonkey_tab_bar_utilities_selected_2024-04-05_185245.png" title="07_Tampermonkey_tab_bar_utilities_selected_2024-04-05_185245.png">
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/4058dce72a470bd661b512d0ce04de9a51fec0bd/07_Tampermonkey_tab_bar_utilities_selected_2024-04-05_185245_640x70.png" alt="07_Tampermonkey_tab_bar_utilities_selected_2024-04-05_185245_640x70.png">
</a><br>
click this image for larger image<br><br>
</div>




<sub><sub><sub><sub><hr></sub></sub></sub></sub>




<h3>Step 5: Add Script URL</h3>

At the bottom of Utilities find "Import from URL" and Copy / Paste the following URL exactly as it is written below.

<strong><code>https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sacrosanctic/monkeyscripts/main/monkeyscript.js</code></strong>

After adding the URL, click the <strong>[Install]</strong> button

<div align="center">
<a href="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/152f5c8ad8a691c327fd2bedd7830ad02a2ca440/05_Tampermonkey_utilities_2024-04-06_055643.png" title="05_Tampermonkey_utilities_2024-04-06_055643.png">
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/152f5c8ad8a691c327fd2bedd7830ad02a2ca440/05_Tampermonkey_utilities_2024-04-06_055643_640x539.png" alt="05_Tampermonkey_utilities_2024-04-06_055643_640x539.png">
</a><br>
click this image for larger image<br><br><br>
</div>

On the page that it switched to it will have another <strong>[Install]</strong> button, click it to finalize the install of the script.<br>

<div align="center">
<a href="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/e577a7de8d42b8c1e7df037ff2ae57f0cafa6e31/06_Tampermonkey_install_userscript_confirmation_2024-04-05_184504.png" title="06_Tampermonkey_install_userscript_confirmation_2024-04-05_184504.png">
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/e577a7de8d42b8c1e7df037ff2ae57f0cafa6e31/06_Tampermonkey_install_userscript_confirmation_2024-04-05_184504_640x529.png" alt="06_Tampermonkey_install_userscript_confirmation_2024-04-05_184504_640x529.png">
</a><br>
click this image for larger image<br><br>
</div>




<sub><sub><sub><sub><hr></sub></sub></sub></sub>




<h3>Step 6: Confirm Installation</h3>

Find and click the Installed Userscripts tab at the top of Tampermonkey

You should see "Monkey Script for Payment" in the list and the toggle under the Enabled column should be Green if it is enabled.

<div align="center">
<a href="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/f6c9e3cd56d66d89fc6d2c6c9f59f6a8242d101b/08_Tampermonkey_installed_userscripts_2024-04-05_200123.png" title="08_Tampermonkey_installed_userscripts_2024-04-05_200123.png">
<img src="https://gist.github.com/jesterjunk/0344f1a7c1f67f52ffc716b17ee7f240/raw/f6c9e3cd56d66d89fc6d2c6c9f59f6a8242d101b/08_Tampermonkey_installed_userscripts_2024-04-05_200123_640x154.png" alt="08_Tampermonkey_installed_userscripts_2024-04-05_200123_640x154.png">
</a><br>
click this image for larger image<br><br>
</div>

Now go to https://payment.xinchuan.tw/request-payment/ or http://localhost:5173 for testing.<br><br>


Congrats! You now have now installed a Tampermonkey script.<br><br>

Enjoy :)<br><br><br>



## Troubleshooting Auto-Updates

If the script doesn't update automatically:

1. Ensure "Check for userscript updates" is enabled in Tampermonkey settings (Dashboard > Settings > General).
2. The script must have been installed with the @updateURL present. If installed before updates were added, reinstall using the URL above.
3. Manually check for updates: Dashboard > Installed Userscripts > Select script > Check for updates.
4. Confirm the raw GitHub URL is accessible: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sacrosanctic/monkeyscripts/main/monkeyscript.js

Remember To Breathe,<br>
sacrosanctic




<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>
